[USING] explain bip 125 (#861)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/using-wasabi/BIPs.md

:::details
### BIP 125: Opt-In full Replace-by-Fee Signaling

> [BIP 125: Opt-In full Replace-by-Fee Signaling](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0125.mediawiki) is a policy that allows the sender to signal that the transaction can be replaced in the future.

Author: not sure... we usually say `sender`. though `spender` works too, I just think it's less common...

> [BIP 125: Opt-In full Replace-by-Fee Signaling](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0125.mediawiki) is a policy that allows the sender to signal that the transaction can be replaced in the future.

Reviewer: https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0125.mediawiki#abstract
I took a look at the abstract of the BIP and there spender is used.

> [BIP 125: Opt-In full Replace-by-Fee Signaling](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0125.mediawiki) is a policy that allows the sender to signal that the transaction can be replaced in the future.

Reviewer 2: This creates more confusion. What does it mean that the transaction can be replaced in the future?

> This is useful in order to bump the fee of an unconfirmed transaction to incentivise miners for faster confirmation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is useful in order to bump the fee of an unconfirmed transaction to incentivize miners to include the transaction in their candidate block for faster confirmation.
```
